#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt pyproject.toml
#
aerosandbox==4.1.1
    # via
    #   amad (pyproject.toml)
    #   neuralfoil
ambiance==1.3.1
    # via amad (pyproject.toml)
anyio==3.7.1
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
casadi==3.6.4
    # via aerosandbox
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
comm==0.2.1
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
cosapp==0.12.3
    # via amad (pyproject.toml)
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.49.0
    # via matplotlib
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
imageio==2.34.0
    # via pyvista
ipykernel==6.29.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.22.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via amad (pyproject.toml)
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
json5==0.9.17
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via
    #   cosapp
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==7.4.9
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.7.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.24.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab==3.2.4
    # via amad (pyproject.toml)
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via
    #   amad (pyproject.toml)
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.3
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.2
    # via
    #   amad (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.8.3
    # via
    #   aerosandbox
    #   seaborn
    #   vtk
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==0.5.6
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.0
    # via
    #   amad (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
neuralfoil==0.1.10
    # via aerosandbox
notebook==6.5.6
    # via widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   aerosandbox
    #   ambiance
    #   casadi
    #   contourpy
    #   cosapp
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   neuralfoil
    #   pandas
    #   pyvista
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
openpyxl==3.1.1
    # via amad (pyproject.toml)
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pooch
pandas==2.2.1
    # via
    #   aerosandbox
    #   cosapp
    #   seaborn
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pyvista
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pooch
plotly==5.13.0
    # via amad (pyproject.toml)
pooch==1.8.1
    # via pyvista
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   amad (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyvista==0.37.0
    # via amad (pyproject.toml)
pywin32==306
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.13
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   terminado
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
referencing==0.33.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pooch
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
sarge==0.1.7.post1
    # via amad (pyproject.toml)
scipy==1.12.0
    # via
    #   aerosandbox
    #   ambiance
    #   cosapp
scooby==0.9.2
    # via pyvista
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via aerosandbox
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via aerosandbox
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via plotly
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via aerosandbox
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
vtk==9.3.0
    # via pyvista
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==3.5.2
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via cosapp
